The idea here is that a bunch of players all run around this submarine
accomplishing various tasks to get to the goal.  The primary goal may be to boat
the boat through some sort of maze or something to get to a goal. To get there
we may need to avoid walls, or mines. We may have to blow up mines if we don't
want to or can't avoid them. There may also be gates we have to blow through, or
enemies to kill along the way.

So that's the gist. The rub is that we have very limited fuel. We require both
right and left balast buffer to be inflated, and we require coal in our coal
hoppper to power our engine. This means we'll have to have someone periodically
checking on those and pumping them up, shoveling coal, etc. or I won't be able
to turn left, right, or go forward anymore.

So we're running around inside the boat, but outside the walls we can just see
the things that are right there, but when we interact with the helm we can see
what's in our immediate area outside the boat and can set the helm and throttle.

I think our controls there should have momentum rather than be arcade-style, and
if we don't stop the throttle before leaving the helm it'll just continue
forward until it runs out of coal. (or hits something)

When someone goes to interact with the ballast tank I think it should be a
linear up and down bar timing game. The visual action is filling a tank with,
like, a bike pump. The more full the tank is, the smaller the "add 1" part is,
so it's easy to fill an empty tank to half, but harder to get the last half. I
think the top of the bar is a constant but tiny "fill" area that instantly fills
the tank. These start slow so it's easier to hit the area, but you have to
constantly wait for it to get into the sweet spot. Later upgrades can be spent
to increase the rate which means you don't have to wait so long between hits,
but it's harder to hit the zone.

Filling the coal hopper I think will be a similar timing minigame, but a circle
that just goes around and around. The animation will be shoveling from a pile
into the hopper.

So those are what keeps the machine going, and you only win by driving the boat
to wherever you need to go. But you may have to often leave the helm to refuel,
etc.

But there's other stuff. Torpedos need to be assembled and then loaded into the
torpedo bays. Then there's a delay while the bay fills before you can launch it.
That means it can be advantageous to have someone spending downtime loading a
torpedo bay even if there's nothing to shoot because if it's already armed then
when we *do* need to shoot, it's instant. Shooting is probably done with a
button next to the torpedo bay.

Assembling the torpedo is maybe some kind of minigame involving picking blocks
with symbols on the edge and trying to pick the one that best matches the
surroundings or something.

The thing I like about this is that it could be someone's job to assemble the
torpedos, load them, and fire them. That'd be fine. But it could also be
someone's job to assemble them, and someone else's job to carry them to the tube
and load them. That's up to the team! It could also make sense to have 3 stacked
up by each bay during quiet times, and then no more until those are fired, etc.

When the boat takes a hit the wall cracks where it got hit, and that room may
start taking in water. A player needs to grab some Filly Putty to patch that up,
and may require some kind of breathing apparatus if the room is full enough,
otherwise it may just make movement slower. You can seal the doors between rooms
to contain the water if you're not in a good place to fix it right now, but that
basically guarantees you'll need breathing shit later.

Filly Putty is in a box, but it takes a bit of time to get out of the box, so it
can be a good idea to get some out and ready in advance if you've got a minute
to spare.

Some enemies will fly into the side of the boat, pierce the hull, and board.
These enemies can be smacked to stop them from wrecking stuff from the inside.
Anyone can smack baddies, but if you're using the smacking stick it's much more
effective.
The fixing wrench can be fetched to allow you to fix the busted components.

There's also a map which shows a static map of the whole area, with no
indication of where you are on it or what you might find there. Basically just
terrain. The periscope, on the other hand, gives you a much more zoomed out
view, but you can't pilot while looking through it. So you can use the periscope
to figure out where you are, the map to figure out where you're going, and then
the helm to actually drive. But using the periscope from time to time would be
useful to get an idea of what you're heading into before you're ready.

Between levels you can use the points you accumulated to do lots of stuff. You
can add new rooms with new tools, like the breathing shit, the map, the
periscope, the Filly Putty, or even just empty rooms to use as armour /
bulkheads.

You can also, though, buy automatons. These are things like "Pick up and put
downer" and "coal scooper" and "pumper-tron" and "auto-pilot" and stuff. Their
job is basically to replace you for jobs you don't want to do. So the pick up
one can be programmed when between levels (like when you buy it) to go here and
wait for something, and then carry it to here and put it down, repeat. That's
it. So it replaces part of the job, but not the whole job. You could use it to
make it so when you build a torpedo you can put it down somewhere near where you
build them, and the robot will carry it to the bay for you. Or it can unpack
Filly Putty and put it in this spot.

The auto-pilot can be given a target destination maybe on the periscope and it
will get there without hitting anything, but will drive very conservatively.

The worker bots will keep the coal scooped, ballast filled, or torpedos
assembled. Again, not as fast as the average human, but faster than no human!
And especially if no one on your team likes that job, you can make it go away.

I think one should be setup to be remote triggered with one of a few buttons to
do things like fire torpedos while no one is at the shoot. I think another
triggerable one is a rover that is triggered to follow one item and bring it to
whoever triggers it. So it will pickup the wrench wherever it's put down, and
then if you hit a button it'll bring you your wrench. Or your smacking stick. Or
some loose Filly Putty, maybe even one that's been unpacked by a worker bot.

Another may seal rooms that are leaking.

I'm not sure if dead characters should respawn, or if they should need to be
rescued... If they stay dead then the game is much harder because someone going
down not only reduces their help, but someone else has to go find them which
means that second person isn't doing their job either. The respawn version will
be much more arcadey, though, which could be fun too.

Anyway, the idea is that as the game goes on your ship gets more complicated,
but also you get more robots running around it keeping the whole thing working.
Probably multiple ballast tanks and coal things also make the ship faster and
more maneuverable too. And as the ship gets more capable, it also gets harder
and slower to run around the coridors to get to everything. More doors make it
easier to get around, but harder to contain a leak or incursion.

Another room could be a boost room. You have to wind the boost up, but once it's
ready to go a player can launch it to launch the boat forward. This is another
one that's probably signaled by the helmsman, but not triggered by it. Someone
else has to be at the booster to fire the thing, unless you put one of those
remote automata there.

It's possible the idea could eventually be expanded to other realms, like a
spaceship, a plane, a hot air balloon, etc. Let's not get ahead of ourselves
there yet.
